Adds alternative license location documentation (#3022)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: Add-ons/The-Licensing-model/index.md

The `.lic` file must be placed in the `/bin` directory in order to be registered by Umbraco Courier or Umbraco Forms. If the file isn't placed correctly, the application will automatically switch to trial mode.

![Installing Umbraco Forms license](images/install-forms-license.gif)

## Alternative license location

> If you can't include the license file in the `/bin` directory for any reason, an alternative location can be provided in the Umbraco installation's `Web.config` file by adding the following AppSetting, where `value="~/Licenses/"` contains the path of your custom license directory, relative to the root of your Umbraco Installation. **Warning** this will also change the location for other Umbraco related licenses in this project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you can't include the license file in the `/bin` directory for any reason it is possible to configure an alternative location for the file.

It can be configured in the Umbraco installation's `Web.config` file by adding the following AppSetting, where `value="~/Licenses/"` contains the path of your custom license directory, relative to the root of your Umbraco Installation. 

:::warning
This will also change the location for other Umbraco related licenses in this project.
:::
```

Author: Looks good to me 💪
